# Meeting notes from 2024

## 28 May 2024

### Attendees

- Jason Grout
- Fernando Perez
- Zach Sailer
- Afshin Darian
- Ana Ruvalcaba

### Notes

* Continued work on creating a PR for the EC/SSC voting about moving to Linux Foundation
* Met with Linux Foundation folks to ask questions regarding the Jupyter Foundation and its governing body, as well as to clarify the entities, relationships, and responsibilities of LF, LF Charities, Project Jupyter, and the Jupyter Foundation.
* We decided (but have not yet voted on) that the EC can and should raise the quorum requirements for EC votes about governance change even if the decision-making guide provides a low quorum and decision-making threshold.

## 21 May 2024

### Attendees
- Jason Grout
- Fernando Perez
- Zach Sailer
- Afshin Darian
- Ana Ruvalcaba

### Notes

* Discussed specifics of our structure if we create the Jupyter Foundation, in preparation for the EC governance proposal for vote.
* Discussed communicating to the community about JupyterCon financial results and future. A more detailed post is forthcoming, once we wrap up the logistical details with NumFOCUS. 
* Discussed that the EC needs to be better at taking notes and posting them publicly for transparency. Moving forward, we will be releasing public minutes more diligently.
